docs(*): improve "secure access across services" page (#877)
kumahq/kuma-website: docs/docs/dev/security/certificates.md

**To override autogenerated certificates**

1) Prepare certificates

Generate a TLS pair with a PKI of your choice and store it in PEM-encoded format in `/tmp/tls.crt`, `/tmp/tls.key`. 
Store the CA that was used to sign this pair in `/tmp/ca.crt`.

We can also use `kumactl` to generate self-signed certs:
```sh
kumactl generate tls-certificate \
  --type=server \
  --hostname=<KUMA_CP_DNS_NAME> \
  --cert-file=/tmp/tls.crt \
  --key-file=/tmp/tls.key
```

Since "tls.crt" is a self-signed cert, it is also a CA:
```sh
cp /tmp/tls.crt /tmp/ca.crt
```

2) Configure the control plane with generated certs:

:::: tabs :options="{ useUrlFragment: false }"
::: tab "Kubernetes (kumactl)"
Create a secret in the namespace where the control plane is installed:
```sh
kubectl create secret generic general-tls-certs -n <namespace> \
  --from-file=tls.crt=/tmp/tls.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=/tmp/tls.key \
  --from-file=ca.crt=/tmp/ca.crt
```

> Point to this secret when installing Kuma:

Reviewer: You get rid of the 3 but not the 1 and 2 any reason?

Author: I didn't try to get rid of numbers, it's just that 1 is now shared for all environments (kubectl, helm, and universal). Numbers 2 and 3 are environment-specific and that's why they're merged together. I made it look similar to the instructions below on that page.

```

2) Create a secret in the namespace where the control plane is installed
Create a secret in the namespace where the control plane is installed:
```sh
kubectl create secret generic general-tls-certs -n kuma-system \
kubectl create secret generic general-tls-certs -n <namespace> \
  --from-file=tls.crt=/tmp/tls.crt \
  --from-file=tls.key=/tmp/tls.key \
  --from-file=ca.crt=/tmp/ca.crt
```

3) Point to this secret when installing Kuma

Set `controlPlane.tls.general.secretName` to `general-tls-certs` and `controlPlane.tls.general.caBundle` to `<BASE64 content of ca.crt>`
Point to this secret when installing Kuma:
```sh
helm install --create-namespace --namespace <namespace> kuma kuma/kuma \
  --set controlPlane.tls.general.secretName=general-tls-certs \
  --set controlPlane.tls.general.caBundle=$(cat /tmp/ca.crt | base64)
```

The data plane proxy Injector in the control plane automatically provides the CA to the Kuma DP sidecar so Kuma DP can confirm the control plane identity.
The data plane proxy Injector in the control plane automatically provides the CA to the Kuma DP sidecar 
so Kuma DP can confirm the control plane identity.

> When configured using the `controlPlane.tls.general.secretName` and `controlPlane.general.caBundle` values in Helm, Kuma will use the specified CA and certificate to protect data plane proxy to control plane traffic. Additionally, if not configured otherwise using options described below, Kuma will also use the specified CA and certificate to protect user to control plane traffic and control plane to control plane traffic when in multizone configurations.

Reviewer 2: I think that was added by Scott, because it was not obvious what general cert is.

Reviewer: Maybe it should be higher up in the explaination?

Author: I added a tip like this:
<img width="773" alt="image" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/12110261/175921867-c23c5f08-0194-4538-be8d-583beb7e6a5d.png">

**To override autogenerated certificates**

::: tip

> If overridden, Kuma is using the certificates to protect not only [data plane proxy to control plane](#data-plane-proxy-to-control-plane-communication) traffic

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If overridden, Kuma uses the certificates to protect not only [data plane proxy to control plane](#data-plane-proxy-to-control-plane-communication) traffic
```

but also [user to control plane](#user-to-control-plane-communication) traffic
and [control plane to control plane](#control-plane-to-control-plane-multizone) traffic.

> :::

Reviewer 2: Let's change `KUMA_DP_SERVER_TLS_CERT_FILE` to `KUMA_GENERAL_TLS_CERT_FILE` then in Universal tab

:::tip
Third-party extensions, cloud implementations or [commercial offerings](/enterprise) may be extending the authentication support.
:::

> ## Control plane to Postgres communication

Reviewer 2: where did it go?
